the Empire will never find us on Hoth
sir we found them on Hoth send the giant
walking robot thingies good thing I have
some rope booyah
let's get out of here princess not if we
hide that cave look r2 that's where Yoda
lives Master Yoda I've come to train to
be a Jedi ready you are not pleased okay
use the Force Luke yeah use the Force
Luke use the Force yeah I got it
we need a safe place to hide from the
Empire my friend Lando can hide us from
the Empire welcome to Cloud City a safe
place to hide from the Empire
unless of course I turn you in some of
my friends are in trouble I've got to
rescue them
ready you are not see you now I'm going
to freeze you in carbonite yeah gotcha
suckas
you're saving us that's how I roll baby
come to the dark side Luke I'm your
father Luke wow I didn't see that one
coming guess I'll throw myself into this
reactor shaft I just got a feeling that
Luke threw himself into a reactor chef
hey I appreciate the rescue and this new
hand is cool and all but pater got away
yeah and Han stuff frozen in carbonite
boy this isn't much of an ending is it
makes sense mimics movie cool